in where last night there was a heavy
bombardment in the middle area on my
left is a MOS that has been completely
flattened to the floor as the Israeli
forces targeted this mosque with at
least two air strikes and as you see the
destruction is massive the
mosque became literally flattened on the
ground but the story is not here the
story is in this area that is
completely uh close to the mosque where
20 families from beted hanon that were
internally displaced first to Al B and
then to this area 20 families who are
displaced in this area came to this area
and took it as a refuge for more than
two months a Sadat family from BET hanon
were first displaced in B and then came
here the family are telling us that
their daughter W said that her their
26-year-old daughter was sleeping here
on this gray mat before she was killed
by the Israeli air strike that targeted
the mosque last
night I was lying under the rubble with
concrete on my chest the planes were
zooming over our heads I called out to
my daughter W to help me my son came
over and pulled me out I asked about my
daughter I thought she was helping
others somewhere she was always
courageous and generous I found her
lying dead she was killed I kept
screaming she was lying socked in her
blood she was working all night long
helping Palestinian news agency she was
the bread winner for our family she was
working hard till her last
breath 50 Palestinians were sleeping
here yesterday night when the Israeli
forces targeted the mosque nearby
Palestinians believe they have no place
to flee where everywhere is packed and
nowhere is safe this is hind
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer